   Notes of Episode no 3 

=> If I want to print h1 tag in browser using React so how do I write in React ?

   So, if we want to print h1 tag in browser using reatc so first we have to create variable and then we have 
   to creat "React.createElement" inside variable it is basically creat element for us and after creating 
   element we have to pass three arguments inside round brakets, the first arguments is name of the which we
   are want to generate inside my dom, the second thing is an object which will go as an attributes, attribute
   may be Id class whatever you wish give it and the third arguments goes what are the children of variable so
   it is a syntax of creating element inside browser using React.
   But this React element is not an html element when you do React.createElement this basically creat an object
   so basically React element at the end of the is an object and when we render this element into the dom it
   becomes an html. 
   
=> What is JSX ?
   So first of all JSX and React both are difference JSX not a part of React. JSX is not HTML in JS, JSX is an
   HTML like syntax. JSX stands for JavaScript XML. JSX allows us to write HTML in React. JSX makes it easier 
   to write and add HTML in React.
   This is a syntax of writ JSX in JavaScript. const jsxHeading = <h1 id:"heading">It is a syntax of JSX</h1>;
   so when this piece of code executed this code becomes an react element. JSX engine can't read this piece of
   code.

=> If JSX engine can't read piece of code then how it's working behind the browser ?
   It is because parcel doing the job behind the browser. when we write code that code is develop by us even
   before that code goes to the JS engine it is transpiled brfore the JS engin and then JS engin recieve the 
   code and then browser can understand.

=> How JSX work ?
   When you put the JSX code so it is converted to "React.createElement" and this React.createElement it makes
   a JS object and then this React element render into the dom as an HTML element and babel in converted.

=> If we want to write muiltiple line in JSX the how we will writ ?
   we have to write in inside the parantheses().because babel need to understand where is JSX starting and 
   where is JSX ending so it required to wrap it code inside round brakets.

=> What is the mean of transpiled ?
   Transpiled mean it converted the code that browser and React can understand.

=> PARCEL ?
   so parcel is one type of manager for us. It doesn't do lot of things by itself. It has It own cabinet of
   minister it gives the responsibility of the transpiled to a package which is knows as "babel".

=> What is babel ?
   Babel is a JavaScript compiler that converts modern JavaScript code into a version compatible with all 
   browsers. Babel enables React developers to use the latest JavaScript syntax in their components. Babel 
   transpiles modern JavaScript for use in React components and all browsers.
   Babel is a toolchain that is mainly used to convert ECMAScript 2015+ code into a backwards compatible 
   version of JavaScript in current and older browsers or environments

=> What is components ?
   Components are independent and reusable bits of code. They serve the same purpose as JavaScript functions,
   but work in isolation and return HTML. Components come in two types, Class components and Function 
   components. class based uses for JS classes and Functional use for functions.
   class based is old way and Functional is ney way.

=> What is React Functional Component ?
   A React functional component is a simple JavaScript function that accepts props and returns a React element.
   After the introduction of React Hooks, writing functional components has become the ​standard way of writing 
   React components in modern applications.

=> What is composition components ?
   Component composition is the name for passing components as props to other components, thus creating new 
   components with other components.
   